README.md, before:

# RaidBot English Predefined

## Discord Server : https://discord.gg/b2DGCmzqcJ

### Commands:

1. **Clear All**

- Deletes all messages from a single channel.

2. **Reset Channel**

- Resets a channel, deleting all messages sent within it but preserving role settings and the channel name.

3. **Reset Server**

- Resets ALL channels on the server, deleting all messages sent within them but preserving role settings and the channel name.

4. **Spam**

- Spams all channels.

5. **Raid**

- Creates a custom number of channels.

6. **Nuke**

- Deletes all channels on the server.

7. **CN**

- Creates a new server name.

8. **CR**

- Creates a number of roles on the server.

9. **CI <Attach an image>**

- Creates a new server picture.

10. **Ret**

- Raises the server by creating an absurd number of channels with custom spam names and messages.

11. **BN**

- Bans all server members except bots with admin privileges.

12. **DR**

- Deletes all server roles except those with admin privileges.

13. **HLP**

- Displays this command help panel, the one you're seeing right now.

14. **Ping**

- Displays the bot's latency.

## Creator :
**Zydrex**

<img width="720" height="514" alt="Captura de pantalla 2025-10-26 113854" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/713df906-b024-4221-980d-077ac1a87063" />

Commit message:

Document KS command setup in README
Added instructions for the KS command usage.

README.md, after:

# RaidBot English Predefined

## Discord Server : https://discord.gg/b2DGCmzqcJ

### Commands:

1. **Clear All**

- Deletes all messages from a single channel.

2. **Reset Channel**

- Resets a channel, deleting all messages sent within it but preserving role settings and the channel name.

3. **Reset Server**

- Resets ALL channels on the server, deleting all messages sent within them but preserving role settings and the channel name.

4. **Spam**

- Spams all channels.

5. **Raid**

- Creates a custom number of channels.

6. **Nuke**

- Deletes all channels on the server.

7. **CN**

- Creates a new server name.

8. **CR**

- Creates a number of roles on the server.

9. **CI <Attach an image>**

- Creates a new server picture.

10. **Ret**

- Raises the server by creating an absurd number of channels with custom spam names and messages.

11. **BN**

- Bans all server members except bots with admin privileges.

12. **DR**

- Deletes all server roles except those with admin privileges.

13. **HLP**

- Displays this command help panel, the one you're seeing right now.

14. **Ping**

- Displays the bot's latency.

15. **KS**

- Program 4 commands that will be executed as soon as you put the bot on the server, you must remember that you have to put the $ks command on a server where the bot is so that it works and then put the bot on the server that you will raid.

## Creator :
**Zydrex**

<img width="720" height="514" alt="Captura de pantalla 2025-10-26 113854" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/713df906-b024-4221-980d-077ac1a87063" />
